Here are the key points and takeaways that we're going to have from this lesson.
Remember to use S3 to store your config files, media file,
or log files because your servers may come and go because of auto scaling reasons.
Also, remember that your servers don't really need credentials.
You can assign an IAM role which is a set of temporary credentials,
so they can access your S3 resources when needed.
Always prefer to use RDS as opposed to install on your own database in
an EC2 instance simply because RDS provides
so much more value to use such as automatic maintenance,
and patches, and backups.
So you don't have to worry about those things,
and doing it yourself if you install your own server.
So always prefer RDS when possible.